Add visibility to resource / capability definitions (#32)
SAP/open-resource-discovery: CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]

### Added

> - Added optional `visibility` to API, Event and Capability definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added optional `visibility` to API Resource Definition, Event Resource Definition and Capability Definition
```

Not completely sure but what about `Exposed Entity Type` does that not need an optional `visibility` property?

  - By default the definitions have the same visibility as the resource they belong to
  - This can be useful if e.g. a public resource has some metadata definitions that are internal only.

>   - The visibility of a resource definition MUST be lower than the visibility of the resource it describes.

Reviewer: `The visibility of a resource definition MUST be lower than the visibility of the resource it describes.`
Not sure I understand this fully, a valid example would probably help.

Author: I rephrased it. Is it better now?

Reviewer: yes

>     E.g. a public resource can have metadata definitions that are internal only.

Reviewer: `E.g. a public resource can have metadata definitions that are internal only.`
can you pls add such an example to one of the example files?

Reviewer 2: I provided a suggestion below

>     E.g. a public resource can have metadata definitions that are internal only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    E.g. a public resource can declare to have some resource definitions that are internal while others are public. An internal resource can't set a resource definition to be public.
```
